Whats the requirment for the following 

REQUEST FOR PROPOSAL (RFP)  CLOSING  DATE: Tuesday, 27 May 2025 - 12:00 hrs Rome (Italy) time The Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations (“FAO” or “Organization”) is an intergovernmental organization with more than 194 member nations. Since its inception, FAO has worked to alleviate poverty and hunger by promoting agricultural development, improved nutrition and the pursuit of food security - defined as the access of all people at all times to the food they need for an active and healthy life.  To achieve its goals, FAO cooperates with thousands of partners worldwide, from farmers’ groups to traders, from non-governmental organizations to other UN agencies, from development banks to agribusiness firms (further and more detailed information on FAO can be found on the internet site: http://www.fao.org).  In preparing your offer, you should take into account the international status and activities of FAO by submitting your best commercial terms. You should also be aware that FAO enjoys certain privileges and immunities which include exemption from payment of Value Added Tax ("VAT" or "IVA"), customs duties and importation restrictions.  FAO requests the provision of the following services:  “Travel Management Services” The invitation is subject to the following procedures and conditions which you are deemed to have accepted by participating in this tender:  1. Procedures 1.1 You are invited to submit a proposal for the above-mentioned services. A description of the requested services is provided in Appendix A; 1.2 In submitting your proposal, you are supposed to have considered all aspects relevant to the performance of the proposed contract and to have obtained all necessary information and data as to risks, contingencies and other circumstances which may influence or affect your proposal; 1.3 It is understood that all documents, calculations, etc., which may form part of your proposal will become the property of FAO, who will not be required to return them to the bidder; 1.4 All costs incurred to prepare your proposal will be borne by you; FAO will not be liable to reimburse any or all of such cost; 1.5 Consortiums/join ventures/associations of companies will be accepted provided that the participants indicate which firm will be the main Contractor and will be responsible for the signature of the relevant contract. Bidders adhering to the consortium/join venture/association of companies will have to provide, as part of their proposal, copy of a notarized/legally registered agreement among the legal entities confirming they have designated one party to act as the lead entity, duly vested with authority to legally bind the rest of the members jointly and severally. This document shall also indicate that if they are awarded the contract, the contract shall be entered into, by and between FAO and the designated lead entity, who shall be acting for and on behalf of all entities that comprise the joint venture, consortium or association; 1.6 At no point prior to the award of the contract shall bidders contact or request any information pertaining to the tender from FAO, its staff or technical unit responsible for this tender, outside the specific channel indicated under paragraph 7 below; 1.7 FAO reserves the right to reject any proposal or not to award at all, at any time prior to award of contract should it consider that the results of this tender and/or any other related circumstance so require without incurring any liability. 1.8 FAO shall have no obligation to purchase any minimum quantities of goods or services from the Contractor, and shall have no limitation on its right to obtain goods or services of the same kind, quality and quantity as described in Appendix A from any other source at any time; 1.9 FAO reserves the right to publish the details of awards, including supplier name and country, total Contract value and a brief description of the services. In all cases, unsuccessful bidders will be notified; 1.10 FAO has adopted a zero-tolerance approach to fraud, and it prohibits firms from engaging in corrupt, fraudulent, collusive, coercive, unethical and obstructive practices when participating in procurement activities. As provided by the Vendor Sanctions Procedures (http://www.fao.org/fileadmin/user_upload/procurement/docs/FAO_ Vendors_Sanctions_Policy_-_Procedures.pdf), if FAO determines that a firm has engaged in such conduct, it will impose sanctions and may share information on sanctioned firms with other Intergovernmental or UN Organizations; 1.11 A firm and its affiliates, agents and subcontractors should not be suspended, debarred, or otherwise identified as ineligible by any Intergovernmental or UN Organization, including any organization within the World Bank Group or any multi-lateral development bank, or by the institutions and bodies of economic integration organizations (e.g., the European Union). You are therefore required to disclose to FAO whether your firm, or any of your affiliates, agents or subcontractors, is subject to any sanction or temporary suspension imposed by any such organization or National Authority at any time during the three years prior to the contract or at any time throughout the execution of the contract. You acknowledge that a breach of this provision will entitle FAO to terminate its contract with your firm and that material misrepresentations on your status constitute a fraudulent practice; 1.12 Bidders must certify that their firm is not associated, directly or indirectly, with entities or individuals (i) that are associated with terrorism, as in the list maintained by the Security Council Committee established pursuant to its Resolutions 1267 (1999) and 1989 (2011), or (ii) that are the subject of sanctions or other enforcement measures promulgated by the United Nations Security Council. Selected bidders also agree to undertake all reasonable efforts to ensure that none of the funds received from FAO under the awarded contract are used to provide support to individuals or entities associated with terrorism or that are the subject of Security Council sanctions. This provision must be included in any subcontracts, sub-agreements, or assignments entered into under the awarded contract. The bidder acknowledges and agrees that this provision is an essential term of the awarded contract and any breach of these obligations and warranties shall entitle FAO to terminate the contract immediately upon notice to the Contractor, without any liability for termination charges or any liability of any kind of FAO; 1.13 Bidders must certify that their firm/organization (including all members of a consortium, if applicable) and any subcontractors are not associated, directly or indirectly, with the consultant or any other entity who prepared the terms of reference or other bidding documents for the project; 1.14 Please note that bidders who use an independent consultant to assist in the preparation of offers may risk engaging in unacceptable practices if the same consultant assists another bidder to prepare an offer for the same tender. Bidders are reminded that they are fully responsible for the conduct of any consultant who may be used to prepare offers for FAO tenders and they should take all measures to ensure that any independent consultant engaged to assist in the preparation of an offer for an FAO tender has not and will not be involved in the preparation of an offer for another bidder for the same tender process. Bidders are kindly requested to disclose to the best of their knowledge whether their firm/organization has any personal or professional relationships with FAO. The disclosure shall include all relevant details and should include, but not be limited to: - - ANY current or past employment relationship between your firm/organization’s representatives or employees and FAO; ANY current or past relationship between your firm/organization’s representatives or employees and a FAO staff member (family members, spouses, etc.). 1.15 Fairness and transparency are fundamental principles for FAO procurement activities. Firms that believe that the procurement process was not fair and transparent may request feedback from the office that issued the tender.  If a satisfactory response is not received, a firm may present a protest following the bid protest procedures detailed in the following link: http://www.fao.org/unfao/procurement/codedeconduitethique/protests/en/. To report allegations of fraud or misconduct in the procurement process, bidders may submit information, also anonymously, to the Office of the Inspector General Hotline:  http://www.fao.org/aud/69204/en/. 2. 2.1  Evaluation  The proposals received will be evaluated by applying the mandatory requirements and the qualitative evaluation criteria indicated in Appendixes B and B-1. Pass/Fail methodology will be used for the mandatory requirements, whilst the qualitative evaluation criteria will be rated. The qualitative criteria will have a weighting of 80% on the final evaluation results and the price will have a weighting of 20%. The proposal with the highest total combined score would be considered as the proposal that provides the best value for the money and therefore, recommended for contract award. 2.2  FAO reserves the right to consider, and disqualify firms based on, documented prior poor performance, including but not limited to poor quality of goods or services provided, late delivery and unsatisfactory performance. FAO also reserves the right to have further discussions/negotiations with the Bidder prior to issuance of a letter of acceptance. 3. Documents Enclosed To facilitate preparing your proposal the following documents are enclosed:  3.1 The Proposal Summary form included in this Letter of Invitation, to be used for submitting your proposal; 3.2 Appendix A to the Letter of Invitation, which provides the “Statement of Services and Specifications” of the tender; 3.3 Appendix A-1 to the Letter of Invitation, including the “FAO Travel Policy”; 3.4 Appendix A-2 to the Letter of Invitation, including the “GRMS Workflow”; 3.5 Appendix A-3 to the Letter of Invitation, including the “HQ Travel Agency Volumes”; 3.6 Appendix A-4 to the Letter of Invitation, including the “Country Offices Travel Volumes”; 3.7 Appendix A-5 to the Letter of Invitation, including the “List of PHP Cities”; 3.8 Appendix B to the Letter of Invitation, which provides information on the “Evaluation Process and Criteria”;  3.9 Appendix B-1 to the Letter of Invitation, including the “Mandatory Requirements” table to be filled out and signed by the Bidders and submitted as part of their Technical Proposal; 3.10 Appendix C to the Letter of Invitation, which provides the “Instruction for preparation of technical and financial proposal”; 3.11 Appendix C-1 to the Letter of Invitation, including the “TMC Services Evaluation Questionnaire” to be filled out and signed by the Bidders and submitted as part of their Technical Proposal; 3.12 Appendix D to the Letter of Invitation, which provides the “Financial Proposal Form and Cost and Revenue Model”; and 3.13 Appendix E to the Letter of Invitation, which provides the draft Global Travel Management Services Contract which FAO intends to award consisting of the Sections I and II, and relevant Annexes (including the draft Local Services Agreement).  4.  Bidders Conference An online Bidders Conference will take place approximately two (2) weeks after tender publication, with the purpose of allowing the Bidders to gain a better understanding of the requirements and seek clarifications necessary for the preparation of their proposals. The information and clarifications provided during the Conference will be documented and shared with all Bidders. No verbal statement made during the pre-bid meeting shall modify the terms of the conditions of this RFP unless statement is specifically written in a tender amendment. IMPORTANT: All Bidders that are interested in participating in the Bidders Conference shall send a correspondence via UNGM to confirm their participation by no later than Monday, 14 April 2025 – 17:00 Hrs [Rome Time]. 5.  Documents to be Submitted The proposal should be submitted in two (2) separate parts, consisting respectively of Part A) Technical Proposal and Part B) Financial Proposal which should be prepared as follows: 5.1  Part A) Technical Proposal: 5.1.1 The duly completed "Proposal Summary" mentioned in paragraph 3.1 above, using the form enclosed herewith or copies of such form;  5.1.2 Information/Documents to support the Mandatory Requirements as indicated in Appendix B-1 and Appendix C including the duly completed Appendix B-1; 5.1.3 Technical Proposal, prepared in line with the information provided in Appendix A, as well as the duly completed Appendix C-1, including any additional supporting documentation. 5.1.4  For Consortiums/join ventures/association of companies: Notarized/legally registered agreement among the legal entities confirming they have designated one party to act as the lead entity, duly vested with authority to legally bind the rest of the members jointly and severally. This document shall also indicate that if they are awarded the contract, the contract shall be entered into, by and between FAO and the designated lead entity, who shall be acting for and on behalf of all entities that comprise the joint venture, consortium or association. 5.2.   Part B) Financial Proposal:  5.2.1 The information requested in Appendix D to the Letter of Invitation (paragraph 3.11 above).  IMPORTANT: The complete list of documents to be submitted is included in Appendix C.    6.  Form of Submission and Closing Date  Companies’ registration on UNGM is a mandatory requirement to participate in this tender as the procurement process is carried out exclusively on the UNGM portal. If you have any difficulties registering, please contact UNGM team using the Help button on the web site www.ungm.org.  6.1 Your Technical Proposal and Financial Proposal should be submitted in separate files.  6.2 Your proposal should be submitted as follows:     TO ENSURE THE VALIDITY OF YOUR PROPOSAL, IT MUST BE SUBMITTED AS FOLLOWS:  1. Uploading your Proposal on UNGM:  Please login and upload all the documents requested in paragraph 5 to this Letter of Invitation in the designated placeholders in the UNGM portal and within the indicated deadline.   It is the exclusive responsibility of the bidders to ensure that the files are uploaded before the tender deadline. The system will reject any bid received after the deadline.   Please follow the instructions below to upload the electronic files in the UNGM portal:  a) Log in the UNGM website with your e-mail and password;   b) Click on MY TENDERS and select the tender; c) Click on VIEW DOCUMENTS (green button on the left of the specific tender notice you are interested in); d) Click on the REQUEST FOR PROPOSAL tab of the tender notice; e) Click on the “OPT IN” button;  f) To upload all the files, click on the relevant “UPLOAD DOCUMENT” red buttons under the “MY TENDER RETURN”.   NOTE: The recommended maximum file size limit per single upload (i.e. every time the upload button is selected) is 20 megabytes worth of data. However all document uploads are subject to your internet connection and you may not be able to upload as much as this. Should you have difficulty, we suggest you stick to 5 megabytes worth of data per upload. That said, there is no limit to the amount of data you can upload. The above suggestion refers to the data you can upload each time the upload button is selected: for example, you may upload 4 megabytes worth of documents and then 5 megabytes worth of documents. You may then repeat this as many times as necessary. It is highly recommended that the format of the files is “PDF”, unless otherwise requested.  IMPORTANT: Once all files are uploaded, please remember to click on the red button “SUBMIT MY RETURN” to send your offer. If the submission is properly completed, you will be able to view and download a receipt under the “HISTORY” tab. SUBMISSIONS BY E-MAIL OR FAX ARE NOT ALLOWED.   2. Modification or Withdrawal of Bid:  A bidder may, without prejudice, modify or withdraw an offer before the deadline with the “MODIFY RETURN” function. No offer may be modified after the deadline for submission.  3. No Bid Notice:   In the event that your company is not interested to participate in this tender, the Organizations would appreciate your feedback with a brief explanation. In this case, you are kindly requested to click on the “OPT OUT” button displayed in the UNGM portal to send your reason for non-participation.    6.3 Your proposal should reach FAO no later than:   Tuesday, 27 May 2025 - 12:00 hrs Rome (Italy) time  7. Communications Concerning this Tender:   All communications concerning this tender should be submitted as soon as possible through the UNGM portal under the “CORRESPONDENCE” tab.  Bidders are responsible for appropriately examining this tender. If the Bidder finds discrepancies in or omissions from the documents, or if their intent or meaning appear unclear or ambiguous, or if any other questions arise, the Bidder shall submit any request for clarification through the “CORRESPONDENCE” tab.  In submitting a request for clarification, do not, under any circumstances, submit a copy of your offer or reveal any information about your intended quotation.  This will invalidate your offer.   Responses to clarification enquiries will be issued by FAO through the UNGM portal simultaneously to all bidders. The system will send automatic e-mail notifications to all bidders every time a clarification, or any other change to the tender notice, is made. All FAO’s responses to bidders’ questions will be uploaded under the “CLARIFICATIONS” tab of your Tender Management page and made available to all bidders. Please ensure to read all the clarifications as they become part of the technical specifications.   IMPORTANT: Deadline for technical questions is one (1) week before closing date 8.  Registration with FAO (Services) Registration as a vendor in the UN Global Marketplace (UNGM), www.ungm.org, is a prerequisite for receiving an award from FAO. Please register your firm with UNGM. If you have any difficulties registering, please contact UNGM team using the Help button on the web site www.ungm.org. 9.   Completeness of Proposal A proposal will only be considered if it contains all of the above information and documents and observes the provisions of the enclosed draft contract. Incomplete proposals may be rejected as otherwise it will not be possible to evaluate all proposals on an equal basis.  10.  Participation by FAO You should examine carefully the nature and extent of the participation in the contract performance by FAO as set out in Part III of the “Proposal Summary” and Annex VI to the Appendix D, as it is assumed that all other requirements for its successful completion are provided at the cost of the Contractor. You should therefore state in the appropriate space any additions or modifications which you suggest for a satisfactory performance of the contract. 11.  Privileges and Immunities FAO enjoys certain privileges and immunities which include exemption from payment of "IVA" (VAT), customs duties and importation restrictions. 12.   Currency of Proposal and of Contract Your financial proposal for HQ in Rome, Italy, should be expressed in EURO. For all other locations (regardless of implant or off plant), the transaction fees must be quoted in US Dollars (USD) and also show the equivalent in local currency.  to For comparison purposes only, offers expressed in a currency other than indicated above will be converted USD using the UN rate of exchange (https://treasury.un.org/operationalrates/OperationalRates.php) valid at the time set as deadline for the submission of offers.  13.  Bidder Protests protest Fairness and transparency are fundamental principles for FAO procurement activities. Bidders that believe that the procurement process was not fair and transparent may request feedback from the office that issued the tender. If a satisfactory response is not received, the bidder may present a following the instructions detailed in the http://www.fao.org/unfao/procurement/codedeconduitethique/protests/en/    following link:  To report allegations of fraud or misconduct in the procurement process, bidders may submit information, also anonymously, to the Office of the Inspector General Hotline:  http://www.fao.org/aud/69204/en/.   May I take this opportunity of expressing our appreciation of your interest in assisting the Organization in the implementation of this undertaking. Yours sincerely, Motohiro Ogita, Chief, Procurement Service 